[Music] The
request has been arranged here through the hospital
and your request has been
rejected and you have received an email like this on your email. So
what do you have to do at this time? How do you get your
request approved? As
you all know, every company processes requests here so that there is
no problem. If you are admitted, then if you do
not have money available, if money
is not available in hand, only then
your insurance claim can be made through cashless and the
claim can be settled here. But sometimes it happens that
your
request is rejected by the company. So,
I am going to explain to you in full detail
how you have to get your claim
settled here and how to get your approval. To know the
complete details, stay tuned. So, do
you all know that for
claim approval, that is, to
arrange a cashless request, a 24-hour pay has been
sent. You have to remain admitted
in the hospital only then this  If the procedure is followed, that is, if the
request is completed, then here
you can see the process of cashless request, so
here after 24 hours of
admission,
a request is processed through the DPS area of ​​each hospital
and here the
request for the initial amount is placed, up to what the
final initial amount can be, so
here you can see the
process of cashless request, so the number is this much and for
future communication, please mention this real
number, so your
request number is your real number,
you will be able to know the status through this,
if you want to know here, then
talk to the support team, so I will
tell you, when the request was made here,
after some time I received an email again, they
informed you, the date is exactly at
12:25, the policy term was second
and here it is clearly mentioned that
enable the asset  10 Admissibility given to you, when you get sufficient
information, it is
said that you should pay the bill
and you can submit the file here again,
then you can get the money, so let me
tell you what you will have to do simply, like you had requested an initial amount of
28000 here, then
you will have to do it simply, you have to go
to the DPS area of ​​your prospectus
and after knowing, you have to coordinate with them,
talk to them and submit the request
again, submit it here for approval and tell them that whatever the final bill has been made till now, then I will simply enter the amount of this bill here and provide it to them and when they provide it,
your request will be processed again and within 2-3 days
you will receive the mail,
I will show you once, as you
can see how the request amount is
INR 15800 please contact hospital here
Copy of approval letter on the country, so guys,
as I showed you the initial
amount here, I had put the initial approval
of 28000 here, when I requested them to
re-apply here, after re-applying here,
this is the final bill, till now
you provide the same amount here,
request them, so here you can see that you have received this amount
of 15800 and whatever is
your billing till now, the final bill will be made,
whatever will be the bill till discharge, the
amount will be, simply you will
put the request again to the DPS area and you will get the
approval here, as I will
show you, the enhancement request
is approved amount INR 28214, so
after the discharge,
I got the approval here successfully and I did
not have to pay even ₹1, how the request was done
automatically here and it was
also approved successfully here, so let
me tell you something like this  You
can get approval here if your request has also been made to Kaiser
from the company if you want to know how to
file for a new ambassador, how you have to
get the money by posting and whatever
your expenses are, and definitely you can get it,
I have made a dedicated video, along with
this I have
also created a playlist
of ICC Lombard on my channel, please watch the video,
you will see the link in the description,
so if you liked the date of Gas I Hope, then
like it and subscribe to the channel
[Music]